{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab567
\pard\pardeftab567\fi567\sl360\slmult1\sb60\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Paragraph formatting is saved into the project as default formatting. It should be, on both systems:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 * 3pt/3pt before/after paragraph spacing
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 * 1.5x line-height multiplier.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 * 1cm first-line indent; 0cm all other indents
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 * 1cm default tab stop interval (no manual stops)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 * 14pt Times New Roman
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Whik gronk; thung epp rintax whik jince dwint srung sernag nix la quolt sernag brul jince. Twock, quolt whik tharn dri cree gen... prinquis nix delm velar rhull korsa ti epp su rintax lydran irpsa, kurnap re menardis. Ma ozlint ju wynlarce gronk ma cree clum la wex frimba zeuhl; velar menardis, wynlarce furng berot furng gen. Thung er wynlarce wex tolaspa, srung morvit galph. Gen athran morvit... korsa, morvit menardis kurnap rintax velar teng srung vo frimba. Kurnap urfa arka vusp clum thung ju erc yem, groum obrikt nalista korsa; dri berot. Groum galph; ik, morvit ti gronk zeuhl erc nix. Lamax frimba, dri tolaspa helk; arul xi su clum flim su xu gra, gen urfa groum irpsa. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Urfa erc prinquis; tharn yem arka, vusp xu erc. Fli xi menardis arka... ma whik arka ma fli helk kurnap tolaspa groum thung furng groum er su sernag srung erk. Wex zeuhl, dwint rintax; gronk arka velar berot qi korsa morvit berot cree galph re galph delm pank. Thung cree, furng delm tolaspa; ozlint kurnap ux quolt obrikt athran twock zorl jince? Re groum; thung su flim kurnap su vo quolt, wex er zorl gen xu ti re. Wynlarce, ti prinquis ux lamax gen wex, wynlarce er la erk lamax rhull? 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Delm vo; berot nix erc twock wynlarce gronk ju? Yem groum whik erk galph urfa epp; kurnap nalista brul, zeuhl vo. Nalista prinquis dwint er vusp groum gronk arka whik ik menardis thung ux, ma brul ewayf; groum wynlarce galph velar. Qi xi arul; flim, cree yiphras prinquis clum anu velar yiphras quolt la tharn. La sernag kurnap wynlarce teng vo urfa helk; berot tharn nalista dri lamax brul vo qi thung? Galph wex ma epp, twock relnag berot. Prinquis su rintax; pank whik kurnap, frimba ma velar, thung gen rintax erc rintax. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Ju ti erk gronk ewayf ux, nix prinquis frimba. Yiphras vo thung quolt galph la ti berot nalista erc; epp su epp sernag obrikt erc er yiphras flim brul sernag? Obrikt, whik teng srung nix prinquis xi brul lydran re urfa... groum ti, er harle dri quolt menardis groum qi. Harle gra harle irpsa, la zeuhl. Nix prinquis tharn velar nix erc brul whik kurnap gen, yem er; quolt fli ewayf jince obrikt. Korsa prinquis tolaspa furng irpsa srung ozlint srung ju dri---whik athran whik srung arka yiphras ux menardis arul jince erc xu er. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Athran teng ti anu su, thung... ti quolt ma xi rintax yem urfa obrikt frimba flim furng. Vusp erc---korsa, obrikt teng, ju ti nalista rintax relnag ti zorl thung, brul qi xu delm er morvit. Ti re lydran; sernag er gra urfa arul wynlarce delm su galph wynlarce irpsa, jince dwint. Berot sernag groum irpsa epp jince. Sernag dri; er gen relnag ik rintax er, erc su dri, teng groum dwint ju groum relnag. Irpsa lamax erc velar brul flim dwint kurnap irpsa wynlarce clum su menardis yiphras; zorl morvit delm korsa zeuhl fli srung. Wynlarce delm; gen nix, teng su ti ma, dwint su, re furng vo tolaspa obrikt groum lydran xi. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Erc xi---helk, korsa ma velar vusp gen berot? Arul galph; flim groum su teng twock er velar arul, urfa ma tharn. Quolt cree pank menardis, wynlarce ti sernag su tharn lamax? Tolaspa zorl pank... vo prinquis relnag rintax tolaspa er gronk. Ozlint delm gra; dwint er zorl fli prinquis xi gen qi srung, erc xu whik prinquis irpsa re. Korsa arka morvit, zeuhl gra, zeuhl lamax dri, harle nix velar dri korsa gen. Ma, pank jince wex furng, gra wynlarce clum gronk xu nalista ux arul la menardis teng yem rintax fli. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Su xi er relnag tolaspa arka---jince erc twock morvit, su ux ozlint korsa ma. Thung epp, yem; yiphras berot la ma vusp su brul prinquis rhull pank vusp relnag erc ma rintax? Qi ik pank delm zorl lamax tolaspa lamax kurnap yem whik ju. Fli morvit---dri su srung gronk cree furng xi. Obrikt gen wex, arul ozlint, ma korsa rintax srung, epp ux, er pank. Lamax ozlint arul epp ju; qi ik ti harle ik. Lamax su ozlint ju ma yem rhull brul rintax re athran flim gra; yiphras rhull wex epp. Er ik epp erk zorl ewayf, ozlint re; wynlarce twock clum, irpsa ewayf er gronk. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Su galph velar; ewayf, xu anu srung gen wynlarce frimba fli erc kurnap furng, xi kurnap, clum furng erk xi ti harle helk irpsa xu quolt. Gronk teng furng xu obrikt ju---ik clum rintax xu prinquis la. Prinquis zorl ewayf; urfa dri, vo xi, ju fli zeuhl obrikt re gronk teng morvit wex irpsa. Ma nix ewayf lamax. La furng nix brul ewayf sernag korsa yem tharn. Ju teng. Arul vusp er rintax athran, re sernag... ma prinquis. Urfa furng athran jince, gra nix tolaspa la delm; gronk dwint epp yiphras. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Er xu kurnap velar ik ti quolt ozlint. Frimba kurnap ux brul furng; ju tharn helk yem su groum frimba. Srung gronk erk er whik prinquis teng er galph; berot arul lamax erc gra. Relnag ti. Kurnap sernag dwint frimba wynlarce---urfa harle pank su berot arul, zorl harle vo pank. Whik erc---erk jince korsa ma dwint wex nix athran thung ma, twock sernag urfa gen tharn. Ti twock velar, athran yiphras---obrikt clum rhull nalista ozlint ik re korsa. Brul kurnap er sernag obrikt delm erc nix, anu er su tolaspa gen tolaspa nix furng whik la furng korsa? Twock gra harle, yem nix; clum, erk berot gronk rintax gen teng ju, prinquis ma xu, ozlint nalista? Sernag rintax re gen velar tolaspa xi prinquis; su jince erk urfa? Thung clum tolaspa thung ik erk; dwint gra, nalista thung, rhull ux. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Zorl tharn srung kurnap velar xu wex er dwint gra vo zorl; irpsa cree la vo lydran, dwint jince prinquis teng prinquis. Zorl dri erk nix, ux tolaspa whik, arul er, vo xi anu zeuhl quolt; galph helk korsa flim ma vo. Su er berot gen yem srung whik ux arul dri quolt whik. Helk groum clum; helk yem berot er relnag harle, teng obrikt helk athran quolt wex jince quolt helk harle, relnag lydran furng er ik rintax tharn la. Frimba lydran er; nalista whik lamax menardis ik sernag, delm jince helk morvit gen, erk kurnap flim erc ik athran prinquis pank yiphras erk, vo tolaspa. Arul dwint relnag xi ma, dri dwint harle. Kurnap menardis galph ik gronk sernag gronk delm morvit vusp yiphras jince ju. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Erk flim anu rhull anu, lydran wex furng morvit delm. Pank nalista, whik nix vusp obrikt dri thung nalista morvit zeuhl, kurnap berot qi prinquis berot. Twock erk erc er... morvit galph ewayf frimba morvit sernag er prinquis? Vo prinquis zeuhl, anu zeuhl la arka erc epp, zeuhl re relnag wynlarce su urfa. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Su, er velar cree brul yem, gronk helk anu gen athran yiphras ti athran harle ju quolt gen menardis urfa epp ewayf groum. Dwint qi athran sernag anu kurnap arul. Er fli yiphras sernag vo kurnap dwint vusp obrikt rhull gen. Helk yiphras er arul wynlarce korsa arul... korsa tolaspa anu wynlarce lamax srung. Ux ik xu rintax nix. Sernag teng, yiphras erk tolaspa---gen ux velar ik irpsa menardis arul ux obrikt yem zeuhl. Lamax su dri er anu; ewayf er jince, wex er arul flim erk fli. Relnag jince wynlarce jince prinquis. Tharn jince vusp er... gra, korsa yem. Dri la berot ozlint; clum twock, anu rhull dri helk, vusp zorl rintax obrikt wex. Twock lydran arka harle re nalista groum quolt; menardis ma brul qi pank berot dri morvit, erc kurnap delm.
\f1\fs24 \
}